# Lab of SUSTech EE208, 2020 Spring

This report contains the lab material and report from SUSTech Course EE208, Engineering Electromagnetics.

## Lab1

From this lab, we have learned the fundamental operation and some useful for us to plot a clear figure like the `contour()` for the equipotential lines, `streamline()` for the electric field line, `surf()` to generate the vector space of the electric field and `quiver()` arrow field.

By analyzing the figure we plotted, we could also gain a deeper insight to the electric field distribution of multiple charges in a 2D plane.

Furthermore, we also found that the density of the electric field sample has a significant impact on the results. When the mesh is too spare, the highest point of the electric potential could be ignored. However, the overdensity of the mesh could also lead to unacceptable waiting time to plot the figure. A similar situation occurs in the process of drawing electric field lines, as the overdensity of the electric field lines could make the reader hard to recognize the figure.

## Lab2

From this lab, we have learned the different methods to calculate the electric field and potential distribution in a 2D plane. The methods and the thought to analyze through the image could be quite useful when we encountered some complex charges that is hard to calculate.

## Lab3

From this experiment, we’ve learn a intuitive way to plot the charactristic properties that the magnetic field generated by current loop(s) and deepen our understanding of the application of the Biot–Savart law.

We also recognized that the more tiles to seperate one plane, the result will be more accurate.

## Lab4

During the experiment, we observe and deepen our understanding of the particle movement in the magnetic field.

We understand the principle magnetic focusing, which has great potential to be used in infrastructure like magnetic lenses and other devices.

Lastly, we have also notice that the accuracy of the parameters could significant impact the result of the experiment.